AND JUST LIKE THAT,
YOUR MONSTER
IS WIDE OPEN!
NOW, TIGER DRAGON!
ATTACK THAT
SPEED WARRIOR!
AAH!
I HAVE YOU ON THE VERY BRINK
OF DEFEAT, YUSEI.
I PLACE
ONE CARD FACE DOWN
AND END MY TURN!
[THINKING]
I HAVE 300 LIFE POINTS LEFT
AND A 2,400 ATTACK POINT
TIGER DRAGON LEFT
TO TAKE DOWN.
I'M GONNA NEED ALL THE HELP
I CAN GET HERE.
IT'S MY DRAW!
COME OUT, DEBRIS DRAGON!
WHAT--A TUNER MONSTER?!
THAT'S RIGHT,
AND WHEN DEBRIS DRAGON
IS SUCCESSFULLY SUMMONED
ONTO THE FIELD,
I CAN SUMMON
ANOTHER MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
THAT HAS 500 OR FEWER
ATTACK POINTS.
AND THAT MONSTER'S--
SONIC CHICK!
NOW LEVEL 4 DEBRIS DRAGON
TUNES WITH LEVEL 3
SHIELD WARRIOR
AND LEVEL 1 SONIC CHICK
TO CREATE A CREATURE
THAT HAS THE ELEMENTS
OF THE COSMOS
COURSING THROUGH
ITS VEINS!
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
THE STARDUST DRAGON!
[CHUCKLING]
JUST AS I'D HOPED.
WHAT?
THE GHOST?!
HIS ULTIMATE MONSTER!
THAT'S RIGHT--
MACHINE EMPEROR WISEL.
AND ONCE PER TURN,
HE CAN ABSORB
A SYNCHRO MONSTER
ON YOUR FIELD!
LIKE THAT DRAGON!
STARDUST DRAGON!
WAS THAT THE BEST
YOU COULD DO, YUSEI?
IT'S TRUE
YOU'RE A GOOD DUELIST,
BUT GOOD ISN'T QUITE ENOUGH
FOR PEOPLE LIKE US, IS IT?
NO, WE CRAVE MORE.
AND IF YOU BATTLED
BESIDE ME,
YOU JUST MIGHT FIND
WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR.
SHERRY!
STARDUST, NOOOOO!!!
[GASP]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
JUST A DREAM.
BUT WHAT'S IT MEAN?
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN
ONLY IF I LOSE? ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Jack: WHAT?
YOU WANT TO DUEL ME?!
MM-HMM.
WAIT. WHY WOULD
YA WANNA DO THAT,
YUSEI?
WE'RE ALL ON
THE SAME TEAM!
RIGHT--SO WHY NOT
TAKE ADVANTAGE
OF EACH OTHER?
I NEED TO FIND
A NEW WAY OF BATTLING
THAT DOESN'T INVOLVE
SUMMONING SYNCHRO
MONSTERS.
NO SYNCHROS? BUT WHY?
BECAUSE OF THE GHOST.
REMEMBER
WHEN I DUELED HIM?
SURE, BUT YOU WON!
[GASP]
THAT WISEL'S
SPECIAL ABILITY...
IT SEALS AWAY SYNCHROS.
THAT'S RIGHT--
IT WAS PURE LUCK
THAT MAJESTIC DRAGON
WAS ABLE TO SAVE ME.
BUT IF ANOTHER DUELIST
LIKE THE GHOST APPEARS,
I MAY NOT BE LUCKY
AGAIN.
WHICH IS THE REASON
WHY YOU AND I
NEED TO DUEL--
SO THAT I CAN PREPARE
FOR THAT DAY.
I SEE.
UNH!
YOU'RE WRONG, YUSEI.
SYNCHROS ARE FINE.
BUT IF YOU WANT A DUEL--
YOU'RE ON.
ALL RIGHT.
WELL, THEN
LET'S DO IT!
THIS SHOULD BE INTERESTING.
YUSEI COUNTS ON
HIS SYNCHROS.
I WONDER HOW HE'LL
CHANGE HIS GAME PLAN.
I'M READY
WHEN YOU ARE!
GO!
Both: ACTIVATING FIELD SPELL,
SPEED WORLD 2!
Duel computer:
DUEL MODE ENGAGED.
AUTO-PILOT ACTIVATED.
A TURBO DUEL
IS ABOUT TO COMMENCE.
ALL NON-DUELING VEHICLES
MUST VACATE THE COMBAT LANE
IMMEDIATELY.
FORMULATING CROSS-TOWN
DUEL COURSE
AND AWAITING CENTRAL
GRID AUTHORITY'S
OFFICIAL AUTHORIZATION.
AUTHORIZATION HAS BEEN GRANTED.
THEN LET'S REV IT UP!
Jack: RIGHT!
[THINKING] GHOST
WAS ABLE TO NEUTRALIZE
MY SYNCHRO MONSTERS
WHEN I SUMMONED THEM.
I WONDER IF THERE'S A WAY
TO PUT THEIR POWER TO USE
BUT WITHOUT PUTTING THEM
IN HARM'S WAY.
LET'S DO THIS!
FIRST I SUMMON SHIELD WING
IN DEFENSE MODE!
THEN I'LL PLACE
ONE CARD FACE DOWN
AND END MY TURN!
IT'LL TAKE MORE
THAN DEFENSE TO BEAT ME!
ESPECIALLY WHEN
IT'S A DEFENSE AS PATHETIC
AS THE ONE YOU JUST MOUNTED!
MY TURN NOW!
AND FIRST,
I'LL SUMMON
TWIN-SWORD MARAUDER!
HE'S GOT TWIN SWORDS
BECAUSE WHEN MARAUDER
ATTACKS A MONSTER
IN DEFENSE MODE,
HE GETS TO WAGE
AN EXTRA ASSAULT!
NOW, GO,
TWIN-SWORD MARAUDER!
ATTACK SHIELD WING!
SHAME ON YOU, JACK,
YOU SHOULD KNOW
THAT SHIELD WING
CAN WITHSTAND
TWO ATTACKS PER TURN.
AND YOU SHOULD KNOW
THAT SINCE MARAUDER'S
ATTACK POINTS
ARE GREATER THAN SHIELD WING'S
DEFENSE POINTS,
YOU TAKE THE DIFFERENCE
AS DAMAGE!
AARGH!
THAT'S ONE ATTACK,
AND HERE COMES NUMBER TWO--
HOPE KEEPING
YOUR MONSTER ALIVE
WAS WORTH IT!
HIT HIM AGAIN, MARAUDER!
HANG TOUGH, SHIELD WING!
OH, HE MAY HANG TOUGH,
BUT YOUR LIFE POINTS
SURE WON'T!
[GROANING]
WOW! IT'LL BE TOUGH FOR YUSEI
TO COME BACK FROM THAT!
YES, IT WILL, CROW!
ESPECIALLY SINCE
THIS CARD IS NOW
AUTOMATICALLY SUMMONED
BECAUSE
THE WARRIOR-TYPE
MONSTER ON MY FIELD
FAILED TO DESTROY
A MONSTER DURING BATTLE!
COME FORTH, SWORD MASTER!
Computer:
THE CARD SWORD MASTER IS
A LEVEL 3 WARRIOR-TYPE MONSTER
WITH 1,200 ATTACK POINTS
AND ZERO DEFENSE POINTS.
YOUR SHIELD WING
MAY BE ABLE TO WITHSTAND
TWO ATTACKS,
BUT AS THEY SAY,
THE THIRD TIME'S
THE CHARM!
ACTUALLY, MAKE THAT HARM!
AND ONCE AGAIN,
YOU TAKE THE POINTS
DIFFERENCE AS DAMAGE!
WHOA! THIS IS TURNING
INTO A BLOW OUT!
THERE! I'M THROUGH.
YOUR MOVE, YUSEI--
IF YOU DARE!
OH, I DARE!
FOR MY FIRST MOVE,
I SUMMON JUNK SYNCHRON
IN DEFENSE MODE!
A TUNER MONSTER?
AND SINCE
JUNK SYNCHRON'S
BEEN SUMMONED,
I CAN NOW BRING BACK
FROM MY GRAVE
TO THE FIELD
A LEVEL 2
OR BELOW MONSTER
IN DEFENSE MODE!
AND THE MONSTER
I'M SUMMONING BACK
IS SHIELD WING!
A LEVEL 3 TUNER MONSTER
AND A LEVEL 2 MONSTER!
USUALLY, THERE'D BE NO DOUBT,
YUSEI'D GO AHEAD AND SYNCHRO
SUMMON JUNK WARRIOR.
BUT SINCE HE SWORE OFF
SYNCHRO SUMMONING,
IT'S ANYONE'S GUESS!
AND NOW, BECAUSE I HAVE
TWO MONSTERS OUT
IN DEFENSE MODE,
I CAN SUMMON FORTH
THIS CARD FROM MY HAND!
BACKUP WARRIOR!
THEN I'LL PLAY A TRAP:
SYNCHRO DECEPTION!
YOU SEE, WHEN THE MONSTERS
NEEDED TO SYNCHRO SUMMON
ARE GATHERED ON THE FIELD,
BY SENDING JUNK WARRIOR
FROM MY EXTRA DECK
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
BACKUP WARRIOR'S
ATTACK POINTS INCREASE
BY HALF OF JUNK WARRIOR'S
ATTACK POINTS!
IN OTHER WORDS, JACK,
BACKUP WARRIOR'S
STRENGTH NOW GOES UP
BY 1,150 POINTS!
NOW GO,
BACKUP WARRIOR,
TAKE OUT
THAT SWORD MASTER!
RAPID BLAST BARRAGE!
[GRUNTING]
I END MY TURN.
HMM. INTERESTING,
SO INSTEAD OF SUMMONING
A SYNCHRO MONSTER,
YOU USED ITS COMPONENTS
TO INCREASE ANOTHER MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS.
GUESS THAT'S ONE WAY
TO KEEP THEM IN THE BATTLE
BUT OFF THE BATTLEFRONT.
HOWEVER, IN MY OPINION,
IT'S QUITE
A COWARDLY WAY, YUSEI!
MY TURN!
FIRST I SUMMON DARK BUG
FROM MY HAND!
AND I CAN ASSURE YOU,
HE'S GOING TO BUG YOU.
BECAUSE WHEN HE'S
SUCCESSFULLY SUMMONED,
I'M THEN ALLOWED
TO SUMMON ONE TUNER MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVE!
RETURN TO BATTLE,
SWORD MASTER!
AND NOW I'LL TUNE
MY LEVEL 3 SWORD MASTER
WITH THE LEVEL 1 DARK BUG
AND LEVEL 4 TWIN-SWORD MARAUDER
TO DO WHAT YOU SHOULD'VE
NEVER QUESTIONED DOING,
YUSEI.
I'M GOING TO BRING OUT
THE ULTIMATE,
THE ALL-POWERFUL,
THE RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND
IN A SYNCHRO SUMMON!
NOW, THEN,
HERE'S WHERE I PROVE
THAT YOU'RE WRONG
ABOUT SYNCHROS, YUSEI!
GO, RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND,
ATTACK BACKUP WARRIOR!
AAH!
YES!
JACK?
Computer: DUEL MODE DISENGAGED.
THIS DUEL'S OVER.
WE BOTH KNOW
HOW IT'S GOING TO END--
THERE'S NO POINT
GOING ANY FURTHER.
DO YOU UNDERSTAND NOW,
YUSEI?
SYNCHRO MONSTERS
MAY NOT BE PERFECT,
BUT THEY'RE STILL
THE BEST WEAPON WE'VE GOT.
NO ONE'S SAYING THEY'RE NOT
A GREAT WEAPON, JACK!
IT'S JUST THAT THE GHOST
WAS ABLE TO TRAP THEM!
THE GHOST IS LONG GONE!
AND SO AM I!
OK.
[GRUNTING]
I'VE SEEN ENOUGH.
[THINKING]
SOMEONE'S OUT THERE.
Leo: THE WORLD RACING
GRAND PRIX GALA!
THIS IS COOOOL!
THE MUSIC, THE DECORATIONS,
THE DUELISTS,
AND BEST OF ALL, THE FOOD!
Reporter: THE STARS ARE OUT
TONIGHT, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN!
SOME OF THE BEST DUELISTS
IN THE WORLD ARE HERE WITH US.
THAT'S IT--I HAVE TO GO GET
MY AUTOGRAPH BOOK!
OOH! OR MAYBE THEY CAN
JUST SIGN MY FACE!
Crow: I'LL TELL YA, THINGS HAVE
BEEN SO INTENSE LATELY.
THIS PARTY SHOULD REALLY HELP US
TAKE OUR MIND OFF THINGS,
DONTCHA THINK?
UH, SURE.
HUH?
YUSEI? HELLO? YUSEI?
[THINKING]
HE'S THINKING ABOUT IT, TOO--
THE DUEL WITH SHERRY.
SHE GOT UNDER YUSEI'S SKIN THEN,
AND SHE'S STILL UNDER IT NOW.
SOMETHING NEEDS TO BE DONE.
Carly:
ANYWAY, IT ALL STARTED--
HEY GUYS! OVER HERE!
Crow: HEY CARLY!
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE?
WHAT ELSE?!
I'M DOING A STORY--
AFTER ALL, THIS IS, LIKE,
THE PREMIERE DUEL EVENT
OF THE SEASON!
OOH, CHECK IT OUT--
THERE'S TEAM UNICORN!
POINTY HAIR AND ALL!
SPEAKING OF...
WHY ISN'T JACK HERE?
YOU'RE RIGHT.
JACK LIVES FOR THESE
KINDS OF EVENTS.
IT'S NOT LIKE HIM
TO MISS A BIG PARTY
LIKE THIS,
THAT IS, UNLESS--
Jack: LOOKING FOR ME?
UNLESS HE WANTS TO BE
FASHIONABLY LATE.
FASHIONABLE IS RIGHT!
NOTHING BEATS
A TAILORED SUIT!
WHAT? YOU HAD IT
TAILORED?!
JACK, HOW MANY TIMES
DO I HAVE TO TELL YOU?!
WE BARELY HAVE
ENOUGH MONEY TO
MAKE OUR RENT AND EAT!
WHAT MADE YOU USE
A TAILOR?
CARLY! SHE SAID
I'D LOOK EXTRA HANDSOME
IN A FITTED SUIT!
Lazar: YOUR ATTENTION, PLEASE!
OOH! GOOD.
IT'S STARTING!
I AM LAZAR, AND I THANK YOU
FOR JOINING US TONIGHT
TO CELEBRATE THE COMMENCEMENT
OF THE FIRST EVER
WORLD RACING GRAND PRIX!
AS EVERYONE KNOWS,
NEW DOMINO CITY HAS UNDERGONE
QUITE A FEW CHANGES AS OF LATE,
NOT LEAST OF WHICH WAS THE
OPENING OF THE DAEDALUS BRIDGE,
WHICH HAS EFFECTIVELY ENDED
THE STRIFE THAT ONCE EXISTED
BETWEEN THE CITY
AND THE SATELLITE.
NOW DUELISTS CAN COME AND GO
THROUGH BOTH DISTRICTS!
SO WHAT BETTER WAY TO CELEBRATE
THIS TRIUMPH
THAN WITH A DUEL EVENT
LIKE NO OTHER!
AND I ASSURE YOU, MY FRIENDS,
THE WORLD RACING GRAND PRIX
WILL BE EXACTLY THAT!
MANY SURPRISES AWAIT,
BELIEVE YOU ME.
BUT FOR NOW,
LET ME JUST SAY, WELCOME!
[CROWD CHEERING]
[THINKING]
DO I REALLY NEED
A NEW STRATEGY?
NOW, THEN,
HERE'S WHERE I PROVE
THAT YOU'RE WRONG
ABOUT SYNCHROS, YUSEI!
GO, RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND,
ATTACK BACKUP WARRIOR!
AAH!
[THINKING]
COULD JACK BE RIGHT?
IS IT FOOLISH FOR ME
TO TRY AND DUEL
WITHOUT USING SYNCHROS
TO THEIR FULL ABILITY?
HUH!
HUH.
GREETINGS, ONE AND ALL!
IT IS MY GREAT HONOR TO ANNOUNCE
A VERY SPECIAL FEATURE IN THIS,
OUR PREMIER GRAND PRIX!
WHAT YOU SEE BEFORE YOU
IS A NEW DUEL COURSE
CURRENTLY UNDER CONSTRUCTION
IN NEW DOMINO CITY!
BUT THIS IS NOT JUST
ANY DUEL COURSE--
THESE ROADS CAN TRANSFORM
TO CREATE TRACKS
THE LIKES OF WHICH
YOU'VE NEVER SEEN.
BUT IN ORDER TO DUEL ON IT,
YOU'LL NEED TO PROVE
YOUR DUEL MONSTERS METTLE
AND WIN YOUR WAY TO THE FINALS!
GOOD LUCK, DUELISTS!
I AM PLEASED TO REPORT
THAT THE GALA IS A GREAT
SUCCESS, MY DIRECTORS.
WELL DONE, LAZAR.
BUT OF COURSE.
THE FOOLS DON'T HAVE A CLUE
WHAT'S REALLY GOING ON.
HEH HEH HEH!
AND IT'S IMPORTANT
THAT IT STAYS THAT WAY.
AFTER ALL,
IF THESE DUELISTS FIND OUT
WHAT WE'RE UP TO,
THIS WILL ALL
BE IN VAIN.
YES, IF WE'RE GOING TO
USE THEIR POWER,
THEY MUST BELIEVE THAT
THEY'RE EXERTING IT
ONLY TO WIN THIS TOURNAMENT.
THEN, WHEN THEIR DUEL ENERGY IS
OURS AND READY TO BE CHANNELED
FOR THE GRAND DESIGN,
IT WILL BE TOO LATE
FOR THEM TO STOP ME--
THAT IS, TOO LATE FOR THEM
TO STOP US.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
YUSEI FUDO?
HUH?
IT IS YOU.
YOU'RE THE DUELIST
WHO WON THE FORTUNE CUP
A WHILE BACK,
AM I RIGHT?
I'VE HEARD ABOUT YOU--
GOOD THINGS.
HMM.
SORRY, ALLOW ME TO
INTRODUCE OURSELVES--
WE GO BY THE HANDLE
TEAM UNICORN.
TEAM UNICORN?
I KNOW YOU!
YOU GUYS HAVE, LIKE,
EVERY TEAM DUELING RECORD
THAT'S OUT THERE!
YOU'RE THE GUYS
WHO MADE TEAM DUELING
SO POPULAR!
AND YOU ARE?
THE NAME'S CROW.
I'M ONE OF YUSEI'S
TEAMMATES.
UH, EXCUSE ME.
WAIT--YUSEI!
WHAT GIVES?
WHERE YOU GOING?
UH, SORRY,
HE'S REALLY NOT
USUALLY LIKE THIS.
PARDON ME FOR A SECOND.
HEY, YUSEI!
LET GO!
HUH?
WHAT IS YOUR PROBLEM,
MAN?
DON'T TELL ME
IT'S STILL THE GHOST.
SO IT IS THE GHOST.
LOOK, I'M NOT GONNA
PRETEND TO UNDERSTAND
WHAT YOU'RE
GOING THROUGH.
BUT IF YOU WANNA
TALK ABOUT IT, I'M HERE.
SORRY, CROW.
NOT THIS TIME, OK?
HUH?
[YELLING]
[PEOPLE SCREAMING]
WHAT?
WHO IS THIS GUY?!
HOPE NONE OF YOU UPPER CRUSTS
MIND ME CRASHIN' YOUR PARTY!
THAT'S DOBOCLE--
HE'S A LOCAL TOUGH GUY.
I HEARD ABOUT YOUR LITTLE
CONTEST, BUT GUESS WHAT--
IT AIN'T HAPPENIN' UNLESS I GETS
A CUT OF THE PRIZE DOUGH!
ARREST HIM!
[PEOPLE YELLING]
Dobocle: COMIN' THROUGH!
HEH HEH HEH!
I LIKE THIS FELLOW'S STYLE.
LEMME CLEAR THOSE TABLES!
HA HA HA!
LOOK OUT!
AAH!
WHO WANTS SOME?!
HOW 'BOUT YOU?!
AKIZA!
[YELLING]
COME FORTH, BLACK ROSE DRAGON!
AAH!
[GROANS]
HOW DARE YOU?
Man: ALL RIGHT MEN,
SURROUND HIM!
YOU'RE COMING WITH US!!
YOU'LL NEVER CATCH ME!
QUICKLY--TAKE
TO YOUR DUEL RUNNERS!
[TALKING AT ONCE]
A PSYCHIC DUELIST?
I'VE HAD ENOUGH
OF THESE THEATRICS.
TIME TO PUT AN END
TO THIS.
STOP IN THE NAME OF THE LAW!
YOU SECTOR SLIMES
JUST DON'T GIVE UP, DO YA?
[GASP]
UNREGISTERED RUNNER?
COULD IT BE
THE GHOST?!
HUH?
WHAT?! DID YOU SAY
THE GHOST IS ON THE SCENE?
HUH?
PLEASE! I'LL SURRENDER!
BUT NO MORE DUELING!
I DON'T KNOW HOW
THE GHOST IS BACK,
BUT I DO KNOW THIS MUCH--
JACK ATLAS IS GOING TO
TAKE HIM DOWN!
[YELLING]
Jack: COME ON.
WE'VE GOT TO TRY
AND CATCH UP WITH HIM!
HEY, OUTTA THE WAY--
WE'RE IN A HURRY HERE!
DO WE KNOW YOU?
[THINKING]
IT'S THOSE SAME EYES--
THE ONES THAT HAVE BEEN
WATCHING ME.
HUH?
HUH!
FORGET HIM, YUSEI,
LET'S GO!
GO AND DO WHAT?
HUH?
THE DUEL WILL BE OVER
BY THE TIME
YOU FIND THE GHOST.
AND EVEN IF IT'S NOT,
YOU WON'T BE ABLE
TO HELP.
WILL YOU, YUSEI?
HUH!
YOU'RE NOT READY
TO FACE THE GHOST AGAIN.
YOU MUST FIRST FIND
WHAT YOU'RE LOOKING FOR.
LOOKING FOR?
THAT'S RIGHT.
THE SYNCHRO SOLUTION!
Crow: THE SYNCHRO SOLUTION?
WHAT'S THAT ALL ABOUT?
AND ANOTHER THING,
WHO EXACTLY ARE YOU?
HOW ABOUT A NAME
OR SOMETHING, BUDDY?
YOU CAN CALL ME VIZOR.
SO, VIZOR, HOW DO WE KNOW
WE CAN TRUST YOU?
YOU CAN'T.
AND WHERE I COME FROM,
TRUST IS SOMETHING
A PERSON HAS TO EARN.
GUESS YOU'LL HAVE TO
DUEL ME
AND FIND OUT
FOR YOURSELF.
LEAD THE WAY, VIZOR.